what's up y'all it's Johnny with
insanehomefatloss.com today I'm going to
tell you guys about the top 5 ab ripping
moves we talked a lot about shredding
fat and losing fat and burning fat and
that's awesome
and I love it but we got to be ready for
when we're shredding that fat when we
start to lean down
you got some ripped abs ready to show
underneath so that's all I want to tell
you guys today about my top 5 ab ripping
workouts but let's not forget you have
to pair it with a great nutritious meal
plan and consistency you can't do these
once a week and expect to be ripped
can't expect to lose a ton weight doing
this once a month consistency and your
healthy nutrition meal plan will help
you get these ripped abs I'm going to
show you guys each one of these AB
ripping workouts tell you a little bit
about it then we're going to run through
30 seconds of each and then you guys at
home you're going to do 3 more rounds
with 30 second rest in between first a
briefing workout vo you may have seen
seen or heard me talk about these before
but that's because they're so good
basically hands above your head
live flat and vo you see out my body
makes a V that's why it's called the vo
my second a dripping workout is planks
these are called front planks what
you're going to do is you're going to
hold this back flat don't put your butt
up don't put your butt down to the sides
keep your back flat same with your butt
you're going to hold this for 30 seconds
if you want to spice the thing is up a
little bit go up to the side don't let
your hips sag though you want to keep it
tighten here keep your core tight keep
your abs tight then you can also switch
to the other side
those are planks my third at burping
workout is leg raises what you're going
to want to do on these is lie flat keep
your hands on your sides I see a lot of
people doing the old sneaky sneaky hands
under the butt yeah that makes it a lot
easier I can't lie to you hands at your
sides okay what you're going to want to
do from here raise your legs up that's
what they call leg raises keep your legs
straight no bent leg raise these are leg
raises nice and straight you should
really feel it in your core in your abs
here and don't forget squeeze at the top
and I squeeze the
Oh leg raises my fourth ab ripping
workout is reverse crunches these ones a
little bit harder guys not going to lie
you're going to want to get down hands
at your side again none of that hand out
little butt jazz opens here and seeing
about hands at your size you don't want
to keep your knees towards your chest
with your legs together and you're just
going to want to tuck tap your toes and
bring your knees to your chest tap your
toes bring your knees to your chest
see how when my my back actually hits
the ground just want my abs are actually
supporting my legs right here so when
you go to bring them up so you want to
crunch and bring them to your chest go
down both your toes touch crunch and
bring your chest reverse crunches for my
fifth and final ab ripping workout legs
up toe touches these ones are great for
developing your lower abs that's what
you want to do lay down get your legs up
and you're going to want to touch your
toes with your hands
crunch it oh yeah kurz it up but the key
is get your shoulder blades off the
ground because if you're only crunching
like that that's not really doing
anything you want it to really burn and
be hard so you're really struggling to
crunch up and touch your toes these are
legs up toe touches I show you guys the
five workouts let's run through them
real quick
the ups first don't forget hands
overhead line five and do
you get in this for 30 seconds try to
get your shoulder blades as high as you
can and put your toes really cross with
the ABS with cool
[Music]
Oh
next workout it's blood play whatever
get on your elbows give it back but keep
your core tight keep your head up now
for a little bit more of an advanced
movement if you'd like you can do your
side planks look at keep your core tight
keep your hips up your butt up and
really what those that held up is the
other side if you can do side flight
back to the middle hold this for good
thirty second another place next thing
we got let's just spin over and hit our
leg room remember hand at your side and
raise up don't put your hands on your
butt dirty cheating again nice slow
controlled you should really feel this
burn in your ass all the way up all the
way down notice I'm not cheating put my
hand on my butt my holding the bus
30 seconds of this
next one
reverse crutches
get on the back hands at your side get
your knees to your chest
when your back hits the ground
make sure your let your your core lift
your knees your core your abs should be
bring your knees to your chest
you
laughs and bottle up your lower legs up
boom yeah don't forget get your shoulder
blades on the ground real courage pills
in your app
[Music]
again these are good for developing your
lower abs really ripping a mouth
[Music]
all right guys bring you guys to the
five AB ripping workouts now 30 seconds
rest three more rounds at home for more
nutrition workouts and just tips on how
to look shredded like your boy
check out insane home fat loss comm
again I'm Johnny you guys have a great
day
[Music]